Okay. So, now we're going to just make sure that
our model's predictions that we wrote by hand matches the shap library.
Okay. So, we're testing the case where we'll input
a simple observation where all the features have a value of zero.
All right, and then here is our calculation of the set values.
Also note that the expected value
is what we refer to when there are no features to train on.
So, it's just the average of all the labels.
So, here's going to print the result for our code.
The shap library will also print out the result,
and we hope that they'll be the same.
So, actually I've run this already,
but you can see that they're the same.
So, that's good, and now we're going to interpret that.
So, the expected value is 0.25.
The sum of the shapley values for all the features is negative 0.25,
and the model prediction is zero.
So, the question is, how do you interpret
the shapley values of each feature in this case,
when all of these are zero?
So, pause the video because then I'll go over the solution in this video.
Okay. So, you can see that the way to interpret this is that,
when the model has no features to train on,
its best guess, the expected value, is 0.25.
Now, what happens when it's giving information from
feature importance the shap value is that this negative value.
So, it's pushing the prediction of the model downward by this amount,
and then feature one is also pushing the model's prediction downward by negative 0.125.
So, just to make it easier to see,
if you add up negative 0.125 plus negative 0.125, that's negative 0.25.
Notice now that the model's prediction when it's given all three features is zero.
So, what happened was,
these features are pushing the prediction
from the expected value of 0.25 to the prediction of zero.
They're both equally important in doing so.
Great. So, now I'll move on to Test Case two.